Added USB transfer sizes and latency timer configuration (resolve issue #74) (#75)
Luos-io/Documentation: src/pages/high/pyluos.md

This line is always used while programming behaviors and should be called before any connection with the device is made.

### Device connection

Connect your device to your computer through a [Gate](/pages/prototyping_boards/boards_list/usb.html) with a USB cable.

#### Configuring USB transfer sizes and latency timer

Some devices may not work properly with the default USB transfer sizes and latency timer for COM ports on Windows. These parameters can be set to lower values in order to use your device properly while connected to your computer from a [Gate](/pages/prototyping_boards/boards_list/usb.html).

> **USB Transfer Sizes**: Default value is 4096 Bytes, however if you have issues to use your connected device, you should try lower values like 16 Bytes both for `Receive` and `Transmit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**USB Transfer Sizes**: Default value is 4096 Bytes, however if you have issues to use your connected device, you should try the minimum possible values both for `Receive` and `Transmit`.
```
